[[목차]]

== [[DJMAX 시리즈]]의 수록곡 ==
||||<:> [[DJMAX 시리즈|DJMAX]] Portable 시리즈 오프닝 곡 ||
|| [[DJMAX Portable|Portable]] || [[바람에게 부탁해 Live Mix]] ||
|| [[DJMAX Portable 2|Portable 2]] || [[Your Own Miracle]] ||
|| [[DMP CE|CLAZZIQUAI EDITION]] || [[Flea]] ||
|| [[DMP BS#s-2|BLACK SQUARE]] || [[Get Down]] ||
|| [[DJMAX Portable 3|Portable 3]] || [[Flash Finger#s-2|Flash Finger]] ||
|| [[TECHNIKA TUNE]] || '''The MAX''' || 


||||<:> [DJMAX 시리즈/수록곡 목록]||
|| 최초 수록 || [[DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE]] ||
|| 장르 || Acid Dance ||
|| 작곡 || [[ND Lee]] ||
|| [[BPM]] || 120 ||
|| 비주얼 || Dumping Life, ENTIA J ||
|| 보컬 || ND Lee ||
|| 랩 || [wiki:"김구#s-2" Evil Monky] ||

[[youtube(rvYHmi7C-ns)]]
[[DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE]] 오프닝 버전

{{{#!HTML
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/v7VNG9U2YcQ?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
}}}
영상만 있는 버전


>안녕하세요. DJMAX팬 여러분. NDLee입니다.
>DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE으로 다시 만나게 되어 무척 기쁩니다.
>이번 작품에서는 NDLee스러운(?) 코드보이싱과 화려한 편곡으로 댄서블한 느낌을 최대한 살리고자 하였습니다.
>특히, E.M의 카리스마 넘치는 Rap 부분을 주목해 주세요. 하하!
>
>-[[ND Lee]], [[DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE]] OST 코멘트|}}

DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE 신곡. ND Lee가 작곡, 보컬을 맡았고 TECHNIKA 시리즈에선 [[Beyond the Future]]를 잇는 타이틀 곡으로 선공개가 되었다. 플레이 가능한 곡이며 STAR, POP, CLUB 패턴이 모두 존재하고, 시리즈 [wiki:"Your Own Miracle" 기존의] [wiki:"Flea" 타이틀곡들][wiki:"Get Down" 처럼] 중~고난이도로 패턴이 짜여져있는듯 하다. ~~ BGA도 있고 Beyond the Future보다 대우가 좋다?~~

[EZ2DJ] 수록곡인 [Futurist]의 멜로디를 약간 손봐서 집어넣은 부분도 존재.

=== 가사 ===
[http://www.cyphergate.net/wiki/index.php?title=The_MAX 출처]

>Good evening ladies and gentleman, Whar you're about to get here
>is real, Get into the beat, to the groove with Mr.ND Lee on the track
>Now let's have some fun with DJMAX
>
>This time, I'll tell you how I feel
>I'll die of boredom if I have to stay home all day
>Mind out, you're in the way there now
>So, my heart just seems to be missed a beat when I saw your light
>
>You must enjoy your light now
>To date, you're never felt the groove in the world
>Anywhere, anytime dance party
>Let me show you playing the max light now
>
>I want to do it in my life, wanna DJMAX, wanna DJMAX
>I want to do one more time, gonna DJMAX, gonna DJMAX
>
>Now It's a happening all over the place
>Music's bump in my ear with the super bass
>Time, next time I'mma get off this train
>My destination this town will never be the same
>This time's the right time for a session
>Come on B-Real time for some action
>What you got what you got I'm curious to know
>Don't you hold back you gotta let everyting go

===  [DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE] ===

|||||||||||| [[DJMAX TECHNIKA TUNE]] ||
|| 패턴 || 난이도 || 비고 ||
||<#FFFF00> STAR || 4 || ||
||<#0000FF> {{{#white POP}}} || 6 || ||
||<#FF0000> CLUB || 7 || [[Vital Dance Set]] 하위보스곡 ||

{{{#!HTML
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/1LZMFSfHG4M?list=PLVOEWfhIg7oJxWNHJeVb7dAWVlnXNShmk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
}}}
POP MIXING 플레이

=== [DJMAX TECHNIKA Q] ===

|||||||||||| [DJMAX TECHNIKA Q] 난이도 체계 ||
|||| 2라인 |||| 3라인 ||
|| 패턴 || 난이도 || 패턴 || 난이도 ||
||<#FFFF00> Original || 3 ||<#FFFF00> Original || 3 ||
||<#0000FF> {{{#white Premium}}} || 5 ||<#0000FF> {{{#white Premium}}} || 5 ||
||<#FF0000> Signature || 7 ||<#FF0000> Signature || 7 ||


{{{#!HTML
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/V5oBU9MAS3Y" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
}}}
3라인 SIGNATURE 플레이
